{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red247\green247\blue247;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Social Media\
2) 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lower prices mean larger storage becomes easier to access for everyone, creating bigger amounts of data for client-facing services to work with.\cb4 \
3) Being able to use personalized data from every single customer for personalized marketing needs.\
4) Facebook revealing posts that cater towards similar interests. or Google ordering ads to show items based on recent and past search results.\
5) Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision\
6) Mobile advertising benefits from data integration with location which requires big data.\
7) Machine Data, Organizational Data, and People\
8) Weather station sensor output.\
9) Disease data from Center for Disease Control.\
10) People\
11) \cb3 Integration -> Personalization -> Precision\cb4 \
12) Combining streams of data and analyzing them for new insights.\
13) Connect with other devices and have knowledge of the environment. or Collect data and services autonomously.\
14) Bringing the computation to the location of the data.\
15) The velocity of the data is very high. & Very unstructured data. & \cb3 Skilled people to analyze the data are hard to come by.\cb4 \
16) \cb3 To allow scalable analytical solutions to big data.\cb4 \
17) Higher Sales, Better Profit Margins, Customer Satisfaction, Improved Safety\
18) Data produced from an organization that is spread out. Bad because it creates unsynchronized and invisible data.\
19) Reduce data complexity. Unify your data system. Adds value to big data. Increase data collaboration. Increase data availability.}